DOCSP-33357: v2.7 content changes (#66)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/fundamentals/run-command.txt

      );
      let result = my_db.run_command(command_doc, command_options).await?;
   
   The ``run_cursor_command()`` method takes a
   ``RunCursorCommandOptions`` instance as a parameter. You can set the
   ``selection_criteria`` field of this struct to select a read preference.

> 

Reviewer: S: It might be good to include one code example for `run_cursor_command()`, and this could be a good place to do it. Or, you could add a short `run_cursor_command()` code example in the "Execute a Command" section, after the `run_command()` example on line 70.

Response
--------

> Each method returns a ``Document`` object or a cursor that contains

Reviewer: S: I think the current wording is a little confusing, you could clarify with something like:
```suggestion
The ``run_command()`` and ``run_cursor_command()`` methods return a ``Document`` object and a cursor, respectively, that contains
```

Author: changed to clarofy return type of each method
